Updated new customer promises agenda (#34568)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

If the buyer (aka the "Santa") hasn't reviewed the price in the first order form or we don't have a date attached to the promise(s), then we're not ready for this call.

On the order form, customer promises are represented as [customer request](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#unpacking-the-why) issues and not [user stories](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#scrum-items).

**Participants:** AE, SC, CTO, VP of Customer Success, Head of Product Design, and relevant EM.

**Agenda:**
- Review each proposed customer promise on the order form.

> - Attempt to [t-shirt size](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#t-shirt-sizing-capacity-planning) each customer request issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each customer request, create user stories and [T-shirt size](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#t-shirt-sizing-capacity-planning) them.
```

I think we want to T-shirt size _stories_. Not customer requests.
